hey guys you know who here was some more
you know what the revolutionaries had
been waiting for Emperor Pete's head on
a silver plate so let's go secure that
for them I guess apparently sometime
after climbing the mountain Mickey had
time to change back into his normal
clothes and become a total pansy the
presence of Pluto indicates that yes
this is in fact an fir Pete's castle yes
yes we'll save you blah blah blah and
since this isn't Mordor you can in fact
just walk into Emperor Pete's castle
which is exactly what we're going to do
because we have a dog to save damage and
it's a Tasmanian devil let's not get
killed by him also he's a fish now
also you don't need that shield buddy
you also need to be alive so see ya they
don't be pulling that arrow crap I don't
have time for that
it was hey you weren't supposed to
respawn you jerk oh well so Pete's
Castle is big and kind of freaky and
they can't climb up that way good to
know whoa okay let's go this way
whoa okay over there is clearly where
we're gonna want to go did I want to
throw that yeah it doesn't matter
oh hey invincible dudes whoa
I'm not a fan of you and your
invincibility these do oh well I don't
care what they do
Oh trampoline blocks Oh breakables
Franta Lane blocks sorry buddy didn't
mean to do that to you okay you're
better now help me out there we go
whoa hey carpet
clearly that needs this haha
I bet this is where we wanted to go well
here we go again
but you can turn it whoa and you have to
turn it this is we don't want to get
spiked that is in fact pretty much the
last thing we want to do right now you
know what time for a new carpet screw
the old carpet he was kind of a jerk
anyway whoa there are way too many
spikes in this place why would somebody
make a room like this whoa okay I'm not
like this whoa I don't want to die I
want the Emperor to die not me I wonder
when the same last floor isn't gonna run
out on me it's been far too long since I
actually played this far into a game so
I don't remember oh hey we're at the
bottom it doesn't matter anymore what's
next what's next
more up flocks books and torch guys whoa
nah none of that
whoa hey hey hey hey hey hey no no no
don't be pulling that crap Nicky don't
play that game
Nicky's too busy being a fireman the
deal with whoa your explosive
cannonballs Wow
stop don't you know it's not safe to
play with cannons you jerks now I want
to go up there I guess so let's go up
there I don't like the looks of this
month hey I remember you
your phone was annoying the fight this
time